<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!-- This Source Code Form is subject to the terms of the Mozilla Public
   - License, v. 2.0. If a copy of the MPL was not distributed with this
   - file, You can obtain one at http://mozilla.org/MPL/2.0/. -->


<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN"
  "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd" [
  <!ENTITY % brandDTD SYSTEM "chrome://branding/locale/brand.dtd" >
  %brandDTD;
]>

<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml">
<head>
<title>Privacy &amp; Security Preferences</title>
<link rel="stylesheet" href="helpFileLayout.css"
  type="text/css"/>
</head>
<body>

<h1 id="privsec_preferences">Privacy &amp; Security Preferences</h1>

<p>The sections listed below describe the Privacy &amp; Security preferences.
  To see the preference panels, follow these steps:</p>

<ol>
  <li>Open the <span class="mac">&brandShortName;</span>
    <span class="noMac">Edit</span> menu and choose Preferences.</li>
  <li>Click the Privacy &amp; Security category. If no subcategories are
    visible, double-click Privacy &amp; Security to expand the list, then
    click the name for the preferences you want to view or change.</li>
</ol>

<p>For help with a panel&apos;s settings, click the appropriate link below.</p>

<div class="contentsBox">Related sections:
  <ul>
    <li><a href="#privacy_and_security">Privacy &amp; Security</a></li>
    <li><a href="using_priv_help.xhtml#private_data_prefs">Private Data</a></li>
    <li><a href="using_priv_help.xhtml#cookies">Cookies</a></li>
    <li><a href="using_priv_help.xhtml#images">Images</a></li>
    <li><a href="cs_priv_prefs_popup.xhtml#privacy_and_security_preferences_popup_windows">Popup Windows</a></li>
    <li><a href="passwords_help.xhtml#passwords">Passwords</a></li>
    <li><a href="passwords_help.xhtml#master_passwords">Master Passwords</a></li>
    <li><a href="ssl_help.xhtml#privacy_and_security_preferences_ssl">SSL</a></li>
    <li><a href="certs_prefs_help.xhtml#privacy_and_security_preferences_certificates">Certificates</a></li>
    <li><a href="validation_help.xhtml#privacy_and_security_preferences_validation">Validation</a></li>
  </ul>
</div>

<h2 id="privacy_and_security">Privacy &amp; Security Preferences -
  Privacy &amp; Security</h2>

<p>This section describes how to use the main Privacy &amp; Security
  preferences panel. If you&apos;re not already viewing it, follow these
  steps:</p>

<ol>
  <li>Open the <span class="mac">&brandShortName;</span>
    <span class="noMac">Edit</span> menu and choose Preferences.</li>
  <li>Click the Privacy &amp; Security category.</li>
</ol>

<h3>User Tracking</h3>

<p>These settings allow you to communicate your tracking preferences to
  websites. <q><a href="glossary.xhtml#user_tracking">Tracking</a></q> refers
  to websites (including advertisers, analytics providers, and social sites)
  collecting and analyzing comprehensive data on your web browsing patterns,
  thus affecting your privacy. For more information on this topic, see
  <a href="privacy_help.xhtml#why_and_how_are_websites_tracking_me">Why and How
  Are Websites Tracking Me?</a> The <q><a href="glossary.xhtml#do_not_track">Do
  Not Track</a></q> technology allows you to tell a website whether or not you
  agree to tracking. The following options are available in this section:</p>

<ul>
  <li><strong>Tell websites about my tracking preference</strong>: Check this
    to instruct &brandShortName; to inform every website you explicitly visit
    (along with any providers of third-party content embedded in its pages)
    whether or not you want your browsing behavior being tracked:
    <ul>
      <li><strong>I do not want to be tracked</strong>: Select this option
        to send a Do Not Track request to each website visited.</li>
      <li><strong>I consent to being tracked</strong>: Select this option
        to explicitly tell each website visited that you agree with your
        browsing behavior being tracked.</li>
    </ul>
  </li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Notes</strong>:</p>

<ul>
  <li>Honoring a Do Not Track request is voluntary, thus individual websites
    are <em>not required</em> to obey it. Websites and services that follow
    the policy should stop gathering and using information about your web
    browsing pattern for all activity for which Do Not Track is selected.</li>
  <li>Requesting Do Not Track from a website should not affect your ability
    to use the website properly (e.g., when using a
    <a href="glossary.xhtml#web_application">web application</a> or when
    putting items into a cart while shopping).</li>
  <li>Note that Do Not Track does not <em>prevent</em> advertisements from
    being presented to you while browsing. Since the website is not allowed to
    gather and utilize information about you, the content of the advertisements
    will be less specific if you have the Do Not Track option selected.</li>
</ul>

<h3 id="safe_browsing">Safe Browsing</h3>

<p>Some websites contain potentially dangerous content and may have been
  reported as malicious. The preferences located in the lower section of the
  <a href="#privacy_and_security">Privacy &amp; Security panel</a> allow you
  to select which types of reported websites will be blocked. If enabled,
  &brandShortName; compares each website&apos;s address you are about to visit
  against regularly updated lists. A warning is issued prior to actually
  loading a reported website, thus giving you the opportunity to cancel the
  loading process. The following options are available in this section:</p>

<ul>
  <li><strong>Block reported attack sites</strong>: Check this if you want
    &brandShortName; to actively check whether the website you are about to
    visit has been reported trying to interfere with normal computer functions
    or to send personal data about you to unauthorized parties over the
    Internet. Such <q><a href="glossary.xhtml#malware">malware</a></q>) is
    most often used to steal personal information, send junk email (spam),
    or spread more malware.</li>
  <li><strong>Block reported web forgeries</strong>: Check this if you want
    &brandShortName; to actively check whether the website you are about to
    visit has been reported as an attempt to mislead you into providing personal
    information such as username and password (this is often referred to as
    <q><a href="glossary.xhtml#phishing">phishing</a></q>). These websites
    frequently imitate legitimate websites of well-known organizations.</li>
</ul>

<p><strong>Important</strong>: The Safe Browsing feature is switched on by
  default. It is <em>not</em> recommended to disable either function as this
  may result in you visiting unsafe sites.</p>

<p><strong>Note</strong>: The absence of a warning does not guarantee that a
  website is trustworthy. Malicious websites can be very difficult to detect;
  even a website that looks safe may be secretly trying to attack you or to
  steal personal information. Sometimes the website&apos;s owner or provider
  won&apos;t even know that the site has been compromised.</p>

<p>[<a href="#privsec_preferences">Return to beginning of section</a>]</p>

</body>
</html>
